You wake up. You are in a small, dark cavernous room. There's a lit wooden torch flaming softly through the cold walls, which are covered in lushy moss. You've known only this place all your life, about 3 steps wide and deep. You're fed once a day a bowl of cold mushy moss soup at about this time. 

Today, the soup hasn't been given yet, but in the small openning in the wall where the bowl is usually put there's something else... A worm ?

> *
You can't do that !

> eat worm

[(eat, worm)]

You eat the worm.

[event(eat, worm)]
[overseer catches event]
[overseer moves to door]

A large stumpy caveman approaches on the other side of the wall.

[overseer speaks]

"Ugh Ugh where pet worm ? Where pet worm ???"

He lifts the giant stone slab which was the front wall and keeps it above head, desperate to find his pet worm.

> *Attempt to pass without harm*

> *Attempt to pass by harming cavemen*

> *Interact with moss*


------------------ 2

You wake up. You are in a small, dark cavernous room. There's a lit [wooden torch] flaming softly through the cold walls, which are covered in [lushy moss]. You've known only this place all your life, about 3 steps wide and deep. Before you stands a sturdy stone [prison door] with a small rectangular openning barred by vertical wooden stakes so that you can be peeked from outside.

> Take torch.

You take the torch.

> light up torch.

The torch is already lit.

> help torch

A wooden torch. Stats: Def=0, Atk=1. You can lit, unlit, throw, get, put, attack.

> cast fireball into door.

You cast a fiery fireball into door.
Nothing happens.
You consumed 1 from your mana pool.

> Open door.

You go through the door. 

------------------ 3

You enter a large, tall, iron plated room. The ceiling stands 20 feet tall and holds a black oxidated iron chandelier, which emanates candle light.

At the center of the room, a Black Knight stands heavy, leaning on an iron claymore, tainted in blood. His eyes flare through a massive ornated helm.

> Attack knight with club

You hit the Black Knight, inflicting 0 damage.
The Black Knight swings his claymore at you, inflicting 10 damage.
You now have 30 health points.


------------------ 4

You enter a large room with marble flooring. The ceiling stands 20 feet tall and holds a black oxidated iron chandelier, which emanates candle light. There's a stone pedestal in the center.

Atop of the cold stone pedestal stands Grandmaster Barbarian Jo The Jo, boasting silver braided hair and 50 years of age - in his prime, wearing the pelt of the Great Wolf Aztafeer and battle hardened bronze plate shoulder armour. Jo holds a bronze Legendary Great Sword, a blade which has slain over 20'000 souls. He gazes north, upon a small openning in the dungeon wall onto which a telescope is encased, travelling thousands of feet towards the surface to allow peeking into the stars. Jo The Jo posesses great cosmic knowledge.

> Shout "Greetings !"

Adventurer shouts "Greetings !"
Jo The Jo shouts "Silence Feeble Thing !"

> Attack Jo The Jo with sword.

Adventurer swings his sword onto Jo The Jo.
Jo The Jo takes 0 damage.
Jo The Jo swings his sword onto Adventurer.
Adventurer takes 9756 damage.
Adventurer has died.


--- Hints about we being in space

"Air, before a common commodity has become ever more scarce, since we started our journey."

------------------ 5

You enter a large room with marble flooring. The ceiling stands 20 feet tall and holds a black oxidated iron chandelier, which emanates candle light. There's a stone pedestal in the center.

Atop of the cold stone pedestal stands Grandmaster Barbarian Jo The Jo, boasting silver braided hair and 50 years of age - in his prime, wearing the pelt of the Great Wolf Aztafeer and battle hardened bronze plate shoulder armour. Jo holds a bronze Legendary Great Sword, a blade which has slain over 20'000 souls. He gazes north, upon a small openning in the dungeon wall onto which a telescope is encased, travelling thousands of feet towards the surface to allow peeking into the stars. Jo The Jo posesses great cosmic knowledge.

> Talk with Jo The Jo.

Jo the Jo shouts "Long have I stopped collecting [Skulls]. Now I gaze the [Cosmos] looking for anwsers. "

> Ask Jo The Jo about the Cosmos.

Jo The Jo shouts "Raw egg shell holds cooked yolk through mistery of fire - so as well the cosmos works, we but cooked astral yolk encased by primitive still raw begining of the cosmos, where still nothing changed. But we change."

> Ask Jo The Jo about the Skulls.

Jo The Jo shouts "Before my prime, I fought many duels to attain knowledge. I've since lost interest in knowledge about ourselves and started looking at the stars."
Jo The Jo gives "Goat Skull - Secret of Fire" to Adventurer.

> Read Goat Skull

Adventurer reads Goat Skull - Secret of Fire.
Adventurer learned verb "kindle".